---
layout: post
title: f+ v2.0.8.x
date: '2010-10-21 00:00:00'
---

Just released v2.0.8 onto the Market. It was mainly a bug fix release but there are a few new features in there:

*   Bug fix where posts without a message (mainly Links) wouldn&#8217;t show.
*   Moved the photo info &#8216;magic&#8217; into the Service, stops the freeze while it contacts Facebook.
*   Birthday Refresh now checks whether it&#8217;s already refreshed today. Stops it notifying more than once per day.
*   Pressing on a person in the Like list now takes you to the person&#8217;s profile.
*   Added [Acra][1] Crashing Reporting.
*   Change the comment text box to auto-capitalise on sentences rather than words.
*   Some small internal changes to make it easier for me to manage.
*   Other small bug fixes I&#8217;ve forgot.

There is a known bug with the photo uploader where the application runs out of memory with *large* photos. I&#8217;m working on a fix for it and it will be out in the next release.

Today I released v2.0.8.1 and v2.0.8.2 onto the Market.

*   Fix the  &#8220;No network connection found popup&#8221;
*   Fix the running out of memory bug with the photo uploader. Also now gives a warning if you&#8217;re uploading on a slow network (GPRS/EDGE)

Just released v2.0.8.3 &.4 onto the Market:

*   Fixes posting comments on Wall Posts!
*   Re-added option to preferences where you can set what is launched when you open a notification. The default is the new Post screen but you can make it work like &#8216;Blue Notify&#8217; did.
*   Changed the notification refresh scheduling so it works similar to how &#8216;Blue Notify&#8217; used to work. I didn&#8217;t have a problem with the new scheduling logic but it seems some people did.
*   Fixes an F/C
*   Fixes support for small screens

Let me know how you get on!

Chris

 [1]: http://code.google.com/p/acra/