---
layout: post
title: HTC One
date: '2013-07-01 18:13:00'
---

<p>So I bought a HTC One last week and have been using it as my main device for a few days now so thought I would write down some of my thoughts here. This isn't a review as such, just a highlight on some of things I like and don't like.
<!-- more --></p>

<p>To be clear, I really like the device.</p>

<h2>Positives</h2>

<h3>Hardware</h3>

<p>There's lots that has already been said about the hardware. It's the best hardware on a new phone I've seen for a long time (iPhone 4 being my previous favourite).</p>

<h3>Tasks</h3>

<p>I use Google Tasks daily, and usually use <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.teamtasks.tasks.paid">Tasks</a> by Team Tasks for my mobile task 'fix'. When I get my new One it was going to be one of the first apps I downloaded, until I saw that HTC has bundled their own Tasks application as part of Sense. After looking through the settings I found that it also syncs with Google Tasks, so I gave it a try.</p>

<p>It has one feature that I've wanted for a <strong>LONG</strong> time: to see my tasks in my calendar. I can now easily look at my day from the calendar application, meetings and tasks.</p>

<h3>Camera</h3>

<p>The UltraPixel camera is great in low light shots. I haven't played with Zoe much yet, but I liked what I saw when I did.</p>

<h2>Meh…</h2>

<h3>BlinkFeed</h3>

<p>BlinkFeed is actually really good, I removed all of the social accounts from it and just use it for news in place of Flipboard. What I don't particularly like is that it is fixed to be the first 'panel'. I would much prefer it to be the middle panel, and then I can add panels either side for widgets, shortcuts, etc.</p>

<h3>Hardware Buttons</h3>

<p>A lot has also been said of the hardware button configuration on the One. I can honestly say that I don't notice it anymore, it just feels natural. If you're thinking about getting a phone, don't let this put you off.</p>

<h2>Negatives</h2>

<h3>Lack of Quick Settings</h3>

<p>~~HTC took out the settings pane from the notification drawer. I'm not sure why.~~</p>

<p><em>EDIT: OK so the settings pane was added in Android v4.2 and the One is currently running v4.1. Not sure how I forgot that.</em></p>

<h3>Lock Screen</h3>

<p>~~There is no way of opening the Camera app from the lock screen. Considering most of the time that I want to take a photo will be from when the phone is off, it's a bit annoying.~~</p>

<p><em>EDIT: As <a href="https://plus.google.com/103043706577279283558">David Wu</a> pointed on on Google+, you can move the Camera app to your dock and when you drag that to unlock your phone, the Camera app will open.</em></p>

<h3>Camera</h3>

<p>Yes I mentioned that the camera as a positive above, but it's also a negative too. The UltraPixel camera is great at low light shots, but for everything else it is distinctely average. I know the theory of the lack of resolution, but it really does let down the quality if you want to print them, etc.</p>
